# 1.1 Think About Time Reflection
The Pomodoro Technique is a time management and productivity idea that I learned about, the idea that you can be more productive by focusing on the task for 25 mins then taking a 5 min break, but focusing on 6 different tasks during the process. Time Boxing is an agreed period of time in which a team works towards the completion of a goal. This will be useful during our peer-pairing sessions where we agree to work for a certain period of time, discuss, switch roles, and proceed for the next session. I currently manage my time by setting up a schedule and a to do list of what needs to be completed during the day. For the tasks that I currently had before the start of DBC, the current strategy was working, however if they added tasks, adding other time management techniques such as the Pomodoro Technique, will be beneficial. My overall plan for Phase 0 will be a combination of time management skills that I have employed in my life previously and from what I have learned in the module. I will continue to schedule my day and have a times focusing on DBC and work, but then added other techniques to aid my DBC time, such as the Pomodoro Technique, and Timeboxing.

## 1.2 The Command Line Reflection
Shell is the user interface to access the operating system, using either the command-line or the graphical user interface and bash is the Unix shell used. The most challenging for me personally going through this material was surprisingly the remove Directory portion, when attempting remove a Directory I was getting an error message saying the Directory was not empty, and had to research how to list all contents including hidden files using ls -la. Once figuring out how to remove the file removing Directory worked as expected. I was able to successfully use all of the commands throughout the rest of the crash course. At this point I think the most important command will be man command, using man to find information about commands will be invaluable. pwd print working directory ls list directory mv move file or directory cd change directory ../ change directory “up” touch create file mkdir make directory less page through file rmdir remove directory help

### 1.4 Forking and Cloning Reflection
To create a new repo: Login to GitHub.com (Links to an external site.) using your username and password, next to your avatar/picture click on the + and click on new repository. To Fork a repo: Find the repo to fork, and click onto the “Fork” button located to the right of the repo, then choose the account you are forking the repo to.To Clone a repo: Find the URL listed within the repo and copy the URL, to clone the repo locally you want to paste the URL into your own directory. Go to the dir you will be using to access the repo locally and command $ git clone URL I would fork a repository as oppose to creating a new one when there are projects that I would like to edit and access that have been previously created or worked on. Creating a new repository will start fresh.This being my first experience with git and GitHub, I personally had more struggles setting up git, I am unfamiliar with using terminal to install and configure git onto my Mac, but in the process I learned more about commands within terminal and who to navigate more within git and GitHub. Finding information on command.